Hi there!
Washington, D.C. has many fun places to eat.
But, sometimes it's more fun to cook.
In fact, tonight Marsha and I are cooking for friends.
Well, she is cooking.
I am doing the shopping.
It’s Marsha.
Hi, Marsha.
●●●
●●
●
Hi, Anna. Do you have the shopping list?
Yes, I told you: I have the shopping list.
Can you hear it?
●●●
●●
●
Okay, good. I hear the list.
Anna, please buy all the ingredients on the list.
Yes, Marsha, I will.
●●●
●●
●
And do not spend too much time shopping.
No, Marsha, I won’t.
See you later.
Sometimes, Marsha worries too much.
I love shopping!
And, I did not spend too much money.
Oh, no! But I did spend too much time!
I have to return home now!
●●●
●●
●
Anna, what took you so long?
Our guests will be here soon!
Don’t worry, Marsha.
I bought everything on the list.
●●●
●●
●
Let me see.
You bought a bunch of bananas, a box of pancake mix, a bag of coffee…
Anna, this is all wrong!
What do you mean wrong?
I bought a jar of peanut butter and a loaf of bread… no, wait… two loaves of bread.
●●●
●●
●
Anna, these are the wrong ingredients!
These ingredients are all on the list!
I took this list from the counter.
●●●
●●
●
Anna, this is the shopping list for breakfast.
I said, take the shopping list on the refrigerator for dinner!
Marsha, there was no shopping list on the refrigerator for dinner!
●●●
●●
●
Oh no! It’s on the floor!!
What are we going to do?
When do our guests arrive?
●●●
●●
●
They arrive in 30 minutes!
I can fix this.
Do you trust me?
●●●
●●
●
Do I have to?
Yes.